Docs: document how to terminate a session (#8286)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/commercial/single-sign-on.rst

* Authentication *and* authorization are managed by the identity provider (e.g. GitHub, Bitbucket or GitLab)
* Authentication (*only*) is managed by the identity provider (e.g. an active Google Workspace account with a verified email address)

> .. note::
>    
>    You can terminate your session by :ref:`versions:Logging out`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

 Users can log out by using the  :ref:`Log Out <versions:Logging out>`. button in the RTD flyout.

```

* Authentication *and* authorization are managed by the identity provider (e.g. GitHub, Bitbucket or GitLab)
* Authentication (*only*) is managed by the identity provider (e.g. an active Google Workspace account with a verified email address)

> Users can log out by using the :ref:`Log Out <versions:Logging out>` button in the RTD flyout.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users can log out by using the :ref:`Log Out <versions:Logging out>` link in the RTD flyout menu.
```
